hello and welcome back to the movie
slackers today we're reviewing a trailer
called Hotel Transylvania 2 yep the
official trailer and I'm rob e rob also
known as Dracula inorg you've never got
Johnny videos over here he's also known
as Frankenstein yeah that's for sure
that's true we're gonna talk a little
bit about the trailer first give me some
movie info um Johnny what you see in the
trailer well I mean I probably more more
Leslie in the minority as I tried
watching the first one and it was he was
cute the first the first hotel transit
me I was cute was bad that's a given I
didn't have the big belly full last like
i did with like the minions and
despicable amazing but what you see it
was right it was a big it's a big hit so
this one is coming out its gonna have of
course Adam salmon returning as Dracula
and I think this time he's got looks
like his daughter in course son-in-law
purchased his daughters of course a
vampire and then his son-in-law is a
human they have a child I think that
Barney's huh I don't know you ought to
find that happen but was that they've
had a child you do in proctology but
yeah but they've had a child and of
course he wants it to be a vampire and
it ends up the kids are gonna move away
I guess to California whatever or
thinking about it and so he doesn't want
it is a kids it that new child to turn
into a vampire so what do they don't
move yeah that's right and so the whole
gang Frankenstein you know miserable man
Wolfman the Murray the Murray the mummy
you know everybody's trying to I guess
scare Amanda turning into a bad guy yeah
I so it you know it does look pretty fun
night yeah I didn't get the same did you
see what a GL seducing the trailer was
any little tidbits I know I mean there's
crazy antics here there is there is I
mean it yeah you gotta we gotta start
said the cast actually yeah we just
drive again like you said Dracula's
played by Adam Sandler uh what
it's good it's good guys daughter is
played by which to get her name was Lynn
Selena Gomez up to get our name out but
here's the the voices are Adam Sandler
of course Selena Gomez Addams Sandberg
place i think is the boys handy Oh
Jonathan I guess is his son no that's
his son wall okay Steve Buscemi's in it
keegan-michael k David Spade Mel Brooks
Kevin James fran drescher chris Kitaen
and upheld by their character Vlad which
is directly father that's you that was
hell Brooks not bad I don't know about
that voice you get his tell ya it's got
a great set of voices to for these
characters huh you know is is it gonna
be as fresh as the first one who knows
no like so the first one didn't do much
for me it was cute but that's could say
for it but I mean it's adam sandler is
writing the screenplay with robert
smigel uh-huh Robert Smigel I see
Smeagol Alex meet who is it uh he is
actually that's an L writer oh and he's
written he's recruiting there's a good
grammar for him and he's witnin wrong he
groped him there scraped you know my now
he's written two scripts with Sandler
first hotel transylvania and don't mess
with the zohan oh yeah oh that was the
guy that was ranchos real prize there
what it was a Israeli agent superocean
yeah even mess with he had the
straighten things out there you didn't
meet him he liked the ladies he liked to
he won joy hairdresser did you like the
film uh yeah yeah you did yeah I want to
be like they want to grow dear god help
us all so don't mess with the zohan but
um it was cute I'm sure it's gonna be a
big hit comes out it's a true 25th of
this year and I'm sure I'm sure it'll be
a big hit it looks it wouldn't anyone
doesn't gonna know you don't play that
oh you don't sometimes we play repeat
what warming see how many times we like
giant to repeat what happened uh you
were telling us when it Oh September
25th 2015 yeah when does it go out again
no but no idea we mess with each other
it's all in fun I think they know that
they don't know Spanish tune danbo I
what's not with those guys and then we
what happened what happened what
happened well anyway we're both dropping
her hands as yummy fish no kidding ah
but anyway now back to the movie it
looks cute I mean honestly always a
trainer i mean looks funny I mean that's
a good premise to it kids are gonna love
it yeah and you know it's it's his
custom adult humor in it does have some
adult humor in it uh I didn't get the
big belly full last i got was like when
we watched uh the pets preview the part
i really laughed a lot with that one
defense preview that one don't we just
listen aim of the movie secret life of
pets thanks for coming on a jock about i
give it straight the secret life of pets
i really got a lot of laughs from that
and even with the penis when I got
somewhere this one I kind of chuckled
and smiled knows about it but it wasn't
it didn't a musical as much it didn't
enhance the Ottomans about your kind of
sick people are gonna love it so say it
say it Johnny I just did tell him about
it oh how are you but anyway um no it's
gonna be I think it's gonna be a Cuban
anything's gonna be a big hit at the box
office so let's do come out never we're
making this up you ever comes out yeah
man you are good yeah so it comes out
win September 125th anyway it is the
real show started that's what I want to
know but if you like to see more or at
least tell us about it of course you're
on our video right now so you should be
on the movies likers youtube channel
except solutely if you not get on there
and please subscribe please like and
please comment comment tell us more
about this movie tell us about anything
yep and we'll talk to you later